hey this is the italian one this is my
puzzle collections of august 8 2008
minus one of my 3 x 2 x 1 puzzles and a
mental block on the top shelf we have a
rubik's magic each in five by five four
by four rubik's revolution Rubik's world
Rubik's twist Rubik's clock Rubik's UFO
each I yi xin 2 by 2 1 x 2 x 2 x 1 sorry
a Rubik's Cube just a regular kind you
can pick up like I use a quite a bit and
the stickers are really beat up on it a
cue pans DIY to 25th anniversary rubik's
cubes with mere stickers on them Rubik's
Cube clone 3 x 3 x 5 extended g cube six
me on radiation deluxe with a custom
green color brain Racker kale labyrinths
half truncated cube missing link orb and
a Rubik's master magic down here we have
an Alexandria star a bunch of those
little assembly balls you can pick up a
IQ 139 puck puzzle square one rainbow
cube methods megabanks efforts pyraminx
20 ball assembly puzzle meh firts 1982
catalog skeeve ultimate skew pyraminx
clone pyraminx crystal and that's just
an assembly cube that i made at school
that flex acute i picked up from
yellowstone and finally a stack matt
fine these boxes are just a bunch of
spare parts and stuff for cubes so
that's about it thanks for watching